My name is Erin Henderson, and I am a teacher in the Phoenix Union High School District.
I know Ty White through the Teacher of the Year program, and he asked me to come chaperone.
As an English teacher, I had no idea what to expect, because these are science kids.
But I can't believe the amount of English skills and life skills I saw within 24 hours
with these students.
They had to read technical writing.
They had to write their own technical writing.
They had to respond to an RFP.
These students put together presentations and spoke eloquently in front of industry
professionals who were judging the work they had done in just 24 hours.
It was magic.
The energy in these rooms, it was palpable.
And I'm so honored to be a part of it.
I can't wait to take it back to Phoenix Union and introduce this program to students in
Phoenix to get them down here as well.